# Impossible-Bet
The Imposible Bet, similar to the 100 prisoners problem, is a hypothetical situation where 100 people are each assigned a unique number between 1 and 100. There are  100 boxes with unique numbers inbetween 1 and 100, and each box contains a number that cooresponds to one of the people. The box's number is not neccesarily the same as the number it contains. Each person is assigned to find the box containing their number, but they can only open 50 boxes to check. The bet can only be won if every person finds the box with their number. If each person guesses randomly, the chance of every person getting their number is (1/2)^100, or very low. These odds can be immensely improved by a trick that each person can perform when finding their box. Instead of guessing randomly, the person starts with the box that is labelled with their number, then checks the number in the box and goes to the box labelled with that number. This is continued until the person either finds their number or exhausts their number of available checks. This works by formed several individual loops within the possible sequences of boxes that you can take, which effectively eliminates several boxes that would otherwise be able to consume one of your checks.

With this method, it is claimed that the probability of every person finding their number in under 50 guesses is almost always 31%. This program does nothing more than to simulate this situation thousands of times and records the results. This program has shown that this method does increase the probability of success to about 31% almost every time.
